# Directories
ncmpcpp_directory = ~/.config/ncmpcpp
lyrics_directory = ~/Музыка/.lyrics
mpd_host = localhost
mpd_port = 6601
mpd_connection_timeout = 5
mpd_music_dir = ~/Музыка

# Visualizer
visualizer_in_stereo = "no"
visualizer_fifo_path = "/tmp/mpd.fifo"
visualizer_output_name = "my_fifo"
visualizer_sync_interval = "20"
visualizer_type = "spectrum"
visualizer_look = "▉▉"
visualizer_color = "green,yellow,red"

# General
mouse_support = yes
lines_scrolled = 2
mouse_list_scroll_whole_page = yes
external_editor = nano
use_console_editor = yes
allow_for_physical_item_deletion = no

# Lyrics
lyrics_fetchers = lyricwiki, azlyrics, genius, sing365, lyricsmania, metrolyrics, justsomelyrics, jahlyrics, plyrics, tekstowo, internet
follow_now_playing_lyrics = yes
fetch_lyrics_for_current_song_in_background = yes

# UI
progressbar_look = "━━━"
progressbar_color = "black"
progressbar_elapsed_color = "cyan"

playlist_display_mode = columns
autocenter_mode = yes
centered_cursor = no

user_interface = alternative
header_visibility = yes
titles_visibility = no
clock_display_seconds = no
display_volume_level = yes
display_bitrate = yes

song_columns_list_format = "(25)[blue]{a} (25)[green]{brE} (47)[cyan]{t|f} (6f)[blue]{l}"
